Update note with subscription limitations in RBAC (#1421)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-enterprise-dashboard/2.15/rbac/overview.md

subscriptions | 
--------------|------

> description   | An array of the subscriptions that members of the role should have access to. Provided values will be used to filter which subscriptions members of the role will have access to. _NOTE: omitting this configuration attribute or providing an empty array will allow members of the role access to all subscriptions. The `subscriptions` attribute has limitations in its use as a selector in RBAC in limiting what data a user has access to. Due to those, it should be considered deprecated._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description   | An array of the subscriptions that members of the role should have access to. Provided values will be used to filter which subscriptions members of the role will have access to. Omitting this configuration attribute or providing an empty array will allow members of the role access to all subscriptions. _NOTE: Use of the `subscriptions` attribute as a selector for RBAC controls is subject to known limitations. Specifically, users may be able to create silencing entries for clients or subscriptions which their permissions as specified by `subscriptions` selector should have disallowed. Due to these limitations, use of `subscriptions` as an RBAC selector should be considered deprecated._
```
